Located in the birthplace of Confucius, Nishan, about 25 kilometers southeast of Qufu, China, the Confucian Palace was built to honor Confucius and his disciples, and to demonstrate Confucianism and related Chinese cultures.

The lighting design covers a 65,000 sqm interior space, composed of traditional halls, auditoriums and amenities. Five functional halls are named after the Five Virtues of Confucianism: the halls of Benevolence, Righteousness, Courtesy, Wisdom and Loyalty. The ancient Chinese-style architectural structures, such as columns, Tou-kung and beams are extensively adopted in the Palace.

The challenge of lighting design is not only to provide various lighting scenes to fulfill multiple functions of each space, but also to highlight Confucius’ profound influence on Chinese people and culture through the interior design of the Palace. The lighting seamlessly integrates with traditional Chinese-style architecture, while adds another unique impressive layer.   

Thousands of customized Chinese traditional LED candlesticks controlled by a DMX521 system flicker throughout the Palace and symbolize “The Light of Confucianism Shines Forever”. Dozens of LED candle pendants are used in the Hall of Benevolence to create the ambience of a traditional Chinese library. Together with a large media screen, each LED candle in the pendants and every LED lighted bookshelf can be synchronized to present a five-minute light show called “The Power of Benevolence”.  

Four distinctive small halls of Righteousness, Courtesy, Wisdom and Loyalty represent four legendary beasts in Chinese culture. Lighting matches interior decoration to create four different color atmospheres for the four halls respectively.  

To comply with energy code, luminaires are equipped with >100lm/w LED modules, and most of them are managed by lighting control systems with energy-saving mode. Meanwhile, customized and concealed luminaries are requested to use replaceable LED modules for both initial and maintenance cost considerations